So we already had a look at the javascript world and I did explain what iOS 6 times and so on are.
But again to make this really clear.
Let's take a closer look.
As mentioned iOS 6 simply is the next word of javascript and you could use it today but it wouldn't
run in all browsers.
It adds new features.
For example a colossus or aero functions which are kind of improved functions work most of the time
like the old functions but add some extra features and it is nice to use these features but again not
supported in all browsers.
So therefore we could only write apps which are running in cutting edge browsers.
And of course we can't rely on the users of our Web page having such browsers typescript is another
example.
It's not the next werfen but it is a language developed by Microsoft and it also adds many new features.
But it is a superset to javascript that means it always has to be compiled to javascript and yet it
doesn't run the browser.
It simply extends javascript changes to syntax a bit and adds many new features.
Most importantly types javascript by default is dynamically typed language and you don't assign types
when you create a new variable.
A variable can hold any type in any data so you could hold a string and then assign a number and Chavez
wouldn't complain.
Note it can be an advantage but it can also make your code a bit more unpredictable.
Typescript for example at stipes.
So did you have to be clear about which type a variable will hold in the end.
That's just one of the features though.
And you don't have to use it by any means but it can offer some advantages.
But again it always needs to be compiled to javascript are wise it won't run the browser does this where
Babel comes into play.
It transpires ESX not typescript type ships with its own compiler actually.
But if we were to use E-6 features today during development we would need Babel a compiler which trends
piles our E6 code to iest 5 code which will run in the browser in the end so that we can use the features
during development and still ship working code and whatever webpage is an alternative to Babel.
No web page.
Most of all is a bundler which means we can split our code over multiple files over multiple javascript
Fahd's simply place a statement which tells where pegan the end which file you want to import into another
file and it will then scan all these imports and create one Butland yet.
This allows us to create more maintainable code since splitting it up over multiple files is easier
to work with for us.
But in the end we have one file again which we deploy and which we shipped to the browser whilst this
bundling process we can integrate a lot of plug ins or loaders as they are called into the web workflow
so that we don't only bundle the files but we also can if we want to transform them.
For example we could integrate cable into a web pick bundling process and check if a file uses iOS 6
and if it does compiler to IIS 5 before bundling everything and the same or typescript you could integrate
the typescript compiler into your web page workflow.
You can also optimize your code.
Many fly it so that's a whole webpage place and there are alternatives like Ghaleb or Grundt but web
peg is the most popular one and you might have heard of it actually and of course will have a section
where we analyze view Che as project which uses web peg so that we can understand what webpage does
in a bit more detail so Daddles what he has six times the Wepa guess and that hopefully clears up some
of the confusion you might have had.
This hopefully explains which Year-Old these packages and tools play.